<?xml version='1.0' encoding='utf-8'?>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" lang="en">
<head>
<meta charset="utf-8"/>
<link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="main.css">
<title>HALLUCINATION</title>
</head>
<body>
<div id="main">
<h3>HALLUCINATION</h3>
<p>
The Shadow across the hedge<br/>
&nbsp;&nbsp;is just Light dressed in black.
<br/><br/>
To stop feeling lonely<br/>
&nbsp;&nbsp;break a mirror.
<br/><br/>
Bells toll<br/>
&nbsp;&nbsp;when her clitoris is clutched.
<br/><br/>
Simplicity becomes clothed<br/>
&nbsp;&nbsp;with the flower of silence.
<br/><br/>
Use the magic needle<br/>
&nbsp;&nbsp;to stitch the eye onto your tears.
<br/><br/>
You hammer your fingers<br/>
&nbsp;&nbsp;into the music<br/>
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;and swallows appear.
<br/><br/>
Life has its own back pain.
<br/><br/>
Heal yourself with guitars,<br/>
&nbsp;&nbsp;with a child-safe blade<br/>
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;or with the echo of a saint.
<br/><br/>
In the mirror you view your face<br/>
&nbsp;&nbsp;from the other side.
<br/><br/>
If death is a thread, <br/>
&nbsp;&nbsp;you sew your own riddle.
<br/><br/>
The devil spewing fire<br/>
&nbsp;&nbsp;is a brilliant idea.
<br/><br/>
This illusion is a cobweb<br/>
&nbsp;&nbsp;which never ends.
<br/><br/>
Sorrows coalesce into foam<br/>
&nbsp;&nbsp;over the oceans.
<br/><br/>
To stop crying each sunrise,<br/>
&nbsp;&nbsp;silence becomes the rooster.
<br/><br/>
Gaze at the living: They are dead.
<br/><br/>
Gaze at the dead: They are living.
<br/><br/>
You search for darkness;<br/>
&nbsp;&nbsp;hard to touch<br/>
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;yet easy to feel.
<br/><br/>
You cure the crazy ones<br/>
&nbsp;&nbsp;with a potion of silence<br/>
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;and they all <br/>
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;want the remedy.
<br/><br/>
You create, paint, and draw&#8230;
<br/><br/>
And in the end,<br/>
&nbsp;&nbsp;you know well<br/>
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;that hope is a<br/>
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;kind whore.
</p>
</div>
</body>
</html>